Congratulations.
You've finished the first lesson of this course.
We've covered a lot of ground in this lesson.
Let's recap what we have learned so far.
First, you started with the basics of relational databases and SQL.
Then, you learned how to install and set up MySQL.
You use the MySQL client to send SQL statements to the database.
You learned the fundamentals of JDBC and
the contracts that it provides to access the database.
You used JDBC's DriverManager and connection classes to connect to a MySQL database.
You executed SQL queries using statement and process the results using ResultsSet.
Finally, you learned about database migrations and how to do them using Flyway.
In the next lesson,
you will learn how to simplify database interactions even further
and make your code more flexible using the Java Persistence API.